in order to get to know your bosses. I think it takes time. And I think
it takes perseverance and opportunistic when the boss offers ah chance
to get together or a boss offers a chance to, um, fellowship, you
take advantage of it and the same principles I would use and counseling
is is I would ask questions and listen. Listen to what my boss
is intent or listen. Two of my boss boss's priorities are. And then
as I'm doing my work, as I'm trying to meet deadlines and trying to
take care of what his intent is, I have all of this background and
I can think like he thinks, and that would be one way that I would
do to get to know the individual.